Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5Ds."
Roman: ONE OF OUR DARK SIGNERS
HAS BEEN EXTINGUISHED.
DEBAK HAS FAILED US.
TIME TO PAY OUR PRISONER
A LITTLE VISIT.
YOUR TIME HAS COME...
GREIGER.
ANYBODY IN HERE?
IT'S ME, CROW!
STOP MESSING AROUND
AND COME OUT...
Boy: CROW?!
WE'RE ALL
OVER HERE, CROW!
DID YOU SAY "CROW?"
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
THERE YOU ARE!
MAN... I WAS... HUH?!
THEY'VE ALL DISAPPEARED...
THEY'RE GONE...
Roman: WE STAND ABOVE
THE GATEWAY TO THE NETHERWORLD.
THE DOORWAY TO THE SHADOWS.
I BROUGHT YOU HERE
TO GIVE YOU POWER
LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER
KNOWN IN YOUR LIFE.
YOU'RE GOING TO BECOME
A DARK SIGNER.
EMBRACE YOUR ANGER,
YOU'RE GOING TO NEED IT.
[SCREAMING]
Roman: YOUR LIFE AS YOU KNOW IT
IS OVER, GREIGER...
THE SHADOWS OF THE NETHERWORLD
WILL CONSUME THE MAN
YOU ONCE WERE.
YOU WILL LOSE YOURSELF
AND BECOME YOUR ANGER.
NOW... THE PATH
OF VENGEANCE BEGINS
WITH THE ONE WHO FIRST
STOOD IN YOUR WAY...
YOU MUST FINISH
WITH WHAT YOU STARTED...
AND YOU MUST START
WITH YUSEI FUDO!
GREIGER... I GIVE YOU NEW
LIFE!...AS A DARK SIGNER!
THE DARK SIGNERS...
ARE GONNA PAY FOR THIS!
GET OUTTA MY WAY!
Crow: SORRY, PAL, BUT
YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE!
I'M LOOKING FOR YUSEI.
WELL, I'M AFRAID I'VE GOT
SOME BAD NEWS FOR YOU, CHUMP.
IF YOU WANNA GET TO YUSEI,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO GO THROUGH ME.
SINCE YOU'RE SO DETERMINED
TO DESTROY YOURSELF,
I GUESS I'LL OBLIGE YOU.
PERHAPS BY DUELING YOU,
I CAN LURE YUSEI
RIGHT INTO MY HANDS.
YOU READY?
Duel runner computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT DEACTIVATED.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
Crow: I SUMMON BLACKWING SHURA
THE BLUE FLAME!
IT'S MY MOVE.
AND NOW, TRAP REACTOR
Y FI, ATTACK...
TREAT CROW TO A ROUND
OF DOUBLE R CANNON!
IF I LOSE HERE, I'LL LET
EVERYONE DOWN!!
AAAAAH!!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[THINKING] ANOTHER SHADOW DUEL?!
BUT WHO'S FIGHTING?!
YOU GUYS STAY BACK WHILE
I CHECK THINGS OUT.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
NO WAY!
WE CAN'T LEAVE YOU YUSEI!
WHAT IF SOMETHING HAPPENS...
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO THIS NEW SIGNER IS.
AND WHAT IF THEY HAVE
ANOTHER EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL?!
YEAH! I THOUGHT
WE WERE LIKE
THE THREE MUSKETEERS,
NOT THE LONE RANGER!
WE WON'T LET YOU
GO SOLO!
ALRIGHT LEO.
BUT I'LL GO ON AHEAD
AND SCOUT OUT THE DUEL.
CHECK YOU GUYS LATER.
[ALL SHOUTING]
[THINKING] TIME TO SEE
WHO'S THROWING DOWN.
[YELLS]
THERE YOU ARE.
NO! I CAN'T GO DOWN LIKE THIS!
I OWE IT TO THE KIDS!
[GRUNTING SHOUT]
[GRUNT AND GASP]
[THINKING] NOT BAD.
BUT IF CROW HAD ANY BRAINS,
HE'D USE THOSE WINGS
TO FLY AWAY.
HOPE YOUR FLIGHT
WASN'T TOO SCARY,
BUT THEN AGAIN,
WHY WOULD IT BE
SINCE YOU ARE A BETTER
PILOT THAN DUELIST.
TOO BAD THOSE SKILLS
WON'T HELP YOU
OUTMANEUVER MY NEXT ATTACK!
[THINKING] I SURE HOPE
HE'S WRONG, 'CAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE
YUSEI WASN'T KIDDING
ABOUT THESE BATTLES...
CROW, THIS ISN'T
JUST ANOTHER DUEL!
YOU FACE THEM,
YOU PLAY FOR KEEPS.
AND I'M NOT TALKIN'
'BOUT YOUR DECK.
[THINKING] WELL THEN IT'S TIME
I PLAY FOR KEEPS TOO,
AND THAT MEANS
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO TAKE OUT GREIGER AND THAT
RUNNER OF HIS A-SAP!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[CROW THINKING] THE DARK SIGNERS
TOOK MY FAMILY AWAY
AND NOW THEY'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR THEIR MISDEEDS.
I'M COMING AT YOU
WITH EVERYTHING I GOT.
SO PREPARE YOURSELF
GREIGER!
'CAUSE THIS BIRD'S...
GOT SOME CLAWS!
FIRST OFF
I'LL BE ACTIVATING
MY SPEED SPELL ANGEL BATON!
AND AS LONG AS
I HAVE 2 SPEED COUNTERS,
I GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT I HAVE
IN STORE FOR YOU.
[GRUNTS]
IT'S NOT LOOKING GOOD GREIGER!
I DISCARD ONE CARD
TO SUMMON MY BLACKWING...
MISTRAL THE SILVER SHIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SQUAWKS]
AND SINCE I ALREADY HAVE
A BLACKWING ON MY FIELD
I CAN NOW SUMMON OUT:
BLACKWING... BORA THE SPEAR!
AND THESE BIRDS OF PREY
ARE ABOUT TO POUNCE ON YOU!
[GRUNTS]
BRING IT ON!
I'LL BRING BOTH THOSE
BIRDS DOWN TO EARTH.
NOT IF I END
THIS SHADOW DUEL NOW!
BLACKWING BORA,
TAKE APART HIS Y FI!
[GROWLS AND ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
[SHOUTS]
NICE KNOWIN' YA!
[GRUNTS AND GROANS]
WHAT?! HOW DID GREIGER
ONLY LOSE A FEW
OF HIS POINTS?! HUH?
HIS Y FI'S STILL RUNNING?
IT IS.
AND BETTER THAN EVER
I'M AFRAID.
YOU SEE
BEFORE YOU ATTACKED
I ACTIVATED THIS:
THE TRAP CARD
FAKE EXPLOSION!
SO NOT ONLY IS MY Y FI
STILL FLYING HIGH,
BUT I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER,
WHICH WILL EVEN UP
THE PLAYING FIELD!
AND WHO BETTER TO CALL
FOR BACK-UP THAN:
SUMMON REACTOR SK!
[GROWLS AND GRUNTS]
[THINKING]
WAY TO GO, CROW!
NOT ONLY DIDN'T YOU
TAKE HIM OUT,
BUT YOU LET HIM
EXPAND HIS AIR FORCE!
AND AS LONG AS HE'S
GOT TRAP REACTOR Y FI
AND SUMMON REACTOR
ON THE FIELD,
YOU'RE ONLY ONE ATTACK
AWAY FROM BEING
SENT TO THE NETHERWORLD!
I JUST KNOW HE'S HOLDING ON
TO SPELL REACTOR RE.
AND ONCE ALL THREE
ARE OUT THERE,
IN COMES THE BIG DOG:
FLYING FORTRESS SKY FIRE.
THAT BAD BOY ALMOST TOOK OUT
YUSEI IN THE TOURNAMENT.
AND NOW IT'S
GONNA COME AFTER ME!
[THINKING] THIS DUEL MUST BE
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE,
UNLESS, THEY'RE TURBO DUELING!
GUESS I'M GONNA
HAVE TO TRACK 'EM DOWN.
[GRUNTS]
THERE! IT'S THEM!
WHY DON'T YOU JUST FINISH YOUR
TURN SO I CAN END YOUR MISERY?
YOU WILL NEVER
BEAT ME CROW!
NOT WITH THE DARK POWER
I... HUH?!
[GRUNTS]
YUSEI'S HERE...
BUT HE WON'T BE
FOR LONG!
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE
ALRIGHT CROW!
[GRUNTS]
GREIGER?!
WHY ARE... WAIT!
ARE YOU THE...
DARK SIGNER, YES!
THIS WAS THE ONLY WAY
TO GET REVENGE
ON GOODWIN
FOR WHAT HE DID TO ME.
HE DESTROYED
MY FAMILY YUSEI!
AND IF JOINING
THE DARK SIGNERS
IS WHAT IT TAKES
TO MAKE SURE THAT MAN PAYS
THEN SO BE IT!
CROW YOU REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENS
IN THESE
SHADOW DUELS.
SO PLEASE LET ME
TAKE YOUR PLACE,
THIS IS MY BATTLE
TO FIGHT!
[GRUNTS]
FORGET IT!
IT WAS THE DARK SIGNERS
WHO STOLE MY FAMILY FROM ME!
[GRUNTS]
THEY TRUSTED ME
TO LOOK OUT FOR THEM.
AND WHEN THE DARK SIGNERS
MIST COVERED SATELLITE,
I COULDN'T DO ANYTHING!
THEY'RE ALL GONE
AND IT'S ALL MY FAULT!
WHAT?!
ALL OF THEM?...NO...
NOW DO YOU SEE
WHY I GOTTA DO THIS!
I STARTED THIS DUEL
AND I'M ENDING IT.
LISTEN!
TO WHAT?!
YOU'RE NOT TALKING ME
OUT OF THIS, YUSEI!
THOSE KIDS WERE ALL I HAD.
I OWE THEM THIS MUCH!
AND SO MUCH MORE... SEE...
YOU DON'T KNOW
THE TRUTH 'BOUT ME.
Crow, voice-over:
I NEVER HAD A FAMILY.
I NEVER HAD TO DO CHORES
OR GO TO SLEEP EARLY.
NOW I KNOW THAT
LIVING WITHOUT RULES
MIGHT SOUND LIKE FUN,
BUT ROUND HERE,
IT WAS DANGEROUS.
I LEARNED THAT THE ONLY PERSON
I COULD DEPEND ON WAS ME.
AND THE WORLD CAN BE
A LONELY PLACE
WHEN YOUR ONLY COMPANY
IS YOUR SHADOW.
A WARM MEAL, A SOFT BED...
THESE WERE THE THINGS
I DREAMED ABOUT.
BUT BECOMING
A PROFESSIONAL DUELIST
IS WHAT I HOPED FOR THE MOST!
AND SO I TRIED TO MAKE
MY DREAM A REALITY:
I FIGURED IF
I COULD BUILD A DECK,
I MIGHT WIN A FEW DUELS
AND SCORE MY WAY
OUTTA SATELLITE.
SO I HIT THE DUMP.
IT WAS THE ONLY PLACE
WHERE A KID FROM THE STREETS
COULD HOPE TO FIND
A CARD OR TWO.
[GASP]
[RUNNING BREATHS]
[SIGH]
Crow, voice-over: THEY WEREN'T
JUST CARDS YOU SEE,
THEY WERE MY TICKET
OUT OF HERE...
BUT RIGHT AWAY I REALIZED THAT
IT WASN'T GOING TO BE
AN EASY TRIP...
[GASP GASP]
Boy: WHAT YA GOT THERE?
JUST SOME CARDS
I FOUND...
Boy: WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU ARE?
SOME KINDA DUELIST?
I WANNA BE...
[ALL LAUGH]
THAT'S COOL.
WE'RE LEARNIN'
TO THROWDOWN AS WELL!
Crow, voice-over: I THOUGHT
THEY'D TAKE MY CARDS,
BUT THAT'S WHEN I LEARNED THAT
YOUR DECK IS LIKE YOUR SOUL
AND NO ONE WOULD
EVER STEAL THAT.
SWEET CARD!
IT'S VAYU, A BIRD!
THEY SAY
YOUR FIRST CARD
CAN PREDICT
YOUR FUTURE!
MAYBE YOU'LL FLY
OUT OF HERE
SOMEDAY KID!
YEAH.
JUST TAKE SOME OF
US TOO!
WHATDYA SAY... CROW...
[GRUNTS]
Crow, voice-over: THE NAME STUCK
AND SO DID EVERYTHING ELSE
I LEARNED FROM THEM
ABOUT DUELING.
NEXT THING I KNEW, I HAD
FRIENDS; I HAD A FAMILY.
I MET YOU YUSEI, AND JACK.
YOU WEREN'T JUST MY BUDDIES,
YOU WERE MY BROTHERS.
EVERYTHING WAS TAKEN FROM ME.
BUT DUELING GAVE ME
A NEW BEGINNING.
AND I WASN'T ABOUT
TO LET ANYONE ELSE
HAVE TO FACE THEIR SHADOW
AS THEIR ONLY FRIEND.
[CRYING]
I LEARNED TO FLY,
AND IT WAS UP TO ME
TO TEACH OTHERS THE SAME.
I FOUND KIDS THAT WERE LIKE ME:
ONES THAT HAD NO FAMILY OR
DIDN'T HAVE ANYWHERE TO GO
BUT THE STREETS OF SATELLITE.
I LOOKED OUT FOR THEM,
MADE SURE THEY WERE SAFE,
TAUGHT THEM HOW TO DUEL.
AND TOGETHER WE LEARNED
THE MOST IMPORTANT LESSON:
WHEN YOU HAVE FRIENDS,
YOU'RE NEVER ALONE.
THEY WERE MY FAMILY, YUSEI.
AND AS MUCH AS YOU THINK
THAT I SAVED THEM,
IT WAS THEM WHO SAVED ME.
BUT CROW?
WHY RISK EVERYTHING?
BECAUSE!
THEY TOOK THEM ALL AWAY!
Crow, voice-over:
THE DARK SIGNERS ATTACKED US,
USING THAT CLOUD TO STEAL
THE SPIRITS OF EVERYONE!
AND WHAT DOES GREIGER DO?
HE GOES AND JOINS THEM!
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED
HE'S RESPONSIBLE!
'N' NOW IT'S TIME
FOR HIS PUNISHMENT!
ARE YOU DONE TAKING US ON
THIS TRIP DOWN MEMORY LANE,
BECAUSE NOW IT'S
MY TURN TO SEND YOU
ON A TRIP
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
Yusei: STOP IT!
[GRUNT]
DON'T YOU GET IT?!
YOU'RE ON
THE SAME SIDE!
YOU'VE BOTH
LOST YOUR FAMILIES
N' THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE DUELING!
YOU SHOULD BE
WORKING TOGETHER
TO GET BACK
WHAT MATTERS MOST,
NOT TEARING
EACH OTHER APART
IN A SHADOW DUEL!
LOOK, YOU TOLD ME
WHAT HAPPENED GREIGER,
GOODWIN'S THE ONE
YOU WANT TO MAKE
PAY FOR THIS!
YOU TOLD ME
HOW HE WAS THE ONE
WHO DESTROYED
YOUR VILLAGE.
SO NOW WHAT?
YOU GET YOUR REVENGE
BY JOINING
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND TAKING OUT GOODWIN
WITH THE REST
OF HUMANITY!
Crow: THAT'S WHY I NEED
TO WIN THIS DUEL YUSEI!
GREIGER HAS TO BE STOPPED!
NOT LIKE THIS!
CROW, THIS DUEL IS
ALL ABOUT REVENGE!
THAT MAKES YOU
AS BAD AS HIM!
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKIN' ABOUT!
[GROWLS]
THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT I JUST HAVE TO DO!
NO IT'S NOT!
THIS IS MY BATTLE,
YOU GOT THAT?!
IF HATE IS WHAT IT TAKES
TO WIN IT, THEN SO BE IT!
AND ANYWAY FRIEND,
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
A SHADOW DUEL HERE...
THERE'S NO STOPPING IT.
[SHOUTS]
[GASP]
[THINKING] CROW...
THEN GOOD LUCK.
BUT REMEMBER THIS:
HATE WON'T BRING
YOUR FRIENDS BACK.
WE'LL SEE.
LET'S END THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
BRING IT ON!
IT'S MY TURN!
AND THIS IS GONNA BE
THE LAST TURN I NEED!
NOW, I SUMMON SPELL REACTOR RE
TO MY FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
WITH IT, I CAN ACTIVATE
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF SUMMON REACTOR SK!
SO BY SENDING IT, SPELL REACTOR
AND TRAP REACTOR
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I GET TO SUMMON OUT
MY FAVORITE MONSTER!
OH NO!
THAT MOVE NEARLY
BEAT ME BEFORE!
I'M GLAD YOU HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
HOW CLOSE YOU CAME
TO LOSING TO FLYING
FORTRESS SKY FIRE!
BUT REST ASSURED... THIS TIME
CROW WON'T BE SO LUCKY.
[LAUGHS]
Duel runner computer:
FLYING FORTRESS SKY FIRE
IS A LEVEL EIGHT
MACHINE TYPE MONSTER
WITH THREE THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS
AND 2,500 DEFENSE POINTS.
Crow: THAT'S NOT A MONSTER,
THAT'S WORLD WAR 4!
IF YOU THINK IT'S SCARY NOW,
JUST YOU WAIT.
BECAUSE IF I SEND A CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AT THE END OF MY TURN,
I GET TO DESTROY ANY ONE
OF THE CARDS ON YOUR FIELD!
[GROWLS]
AND FIRST UP IS
YOUR SILVER SHIELD!
[SQUAWKS]
AND NOW, FOR SKY FIRE'S
MAIN ATTACK,
I TARGET
YOUR BLACKWING SPEAR!
LET'S LOCK AND LOAD!
Crow: BLACKWING, NO!
[BLACKWING ROARS]
[CROW GRUNTS]
SILVER SHIELD'S GONE, BUT...
THAT DOESN'T STOP ITS SPECIAL
ABILITY FROM ACTIVATING!
SEE AS SOON AS
YOU TOOK IT OUT,
ALL THE DAMAGE I WOULD HAVE
TAKEN DROPS TO ZERO!
[SIGH]
YOU'VE JUST
PROLONGED YOUR PAIN.
NOW, WHICH ONE
OF YOUR LITTLE BIRDS
IS GOING TO SWOOP IN
AND SAVE YOU?
[THINKING] I WISH
I KNEW THAT MYSELF!
HIS SKY FIRE
LOOKS UNSTOPPABLE!
NOT ONLY CAN ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
DESTROY ANY ONE OF MY CARDS,
BUT IF I TAKE ONE DIRECT HIT
FROM THAT METAL MONSTER,
IT'S GONNA BE
BYE-BYE BLACKBIRD!
IF I WANT TO WIN THIS,
I BETTER DO IT FAST.
AND THAT MEANS IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS DRAW.
HERE WE GO!
[THINKING] ANOTHER BLACKWING.
NOT EXACTLY WHAT
I WAS HOPING FOR,
BUT MAYBE MY DECK'S
TRYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING.
IF I CAN'T STOP SKY FIRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
MAYBE I SHOULD
JUST ROLL WITH IT!
AS MUCH AS I HATE
TO LOSE A MONSTER,
THAT MAY BE JUST
THE THING THAT SAVES ME!
I PLAY THIS IN DEFENSE MODE:
BLACKWING... VAYU THE EMBLEM
OF HONOR!
[SQUAWKS]
WHAT A WASTE!
I WAS HOPING TO DESTROY
SOMETHING OF VALUE
THIS TURN...
YOUR BLACKWING VAYU
IS ABOUT AS THREATENING
AS A RUBBER DUCK!
AND I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR
THE SQUEAK IT MAKES
ONCE MY SKY FIRE
TAKES OUT
IT AND YOUR LIFE POINTS!
IT'S BEEN REAL CROW!
[SQUAWKS]
[SHOUTS, GRUNTS,
GROANS, GRUNTS]
WATCH OUT!
AAH!
NOW THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
[THINKING] AND IF IT GETS
ANY CLOSER I'M AFRAID CROW
MIGHT NOT BE AROUND
FOR A VICTORY LAP.
ARE YOU READY TO TAKE
THIS DUEL UP A NOTCH?
SURE I AM,
BUT YOUR FIELD'S
RUNNING ON EMPTY!
WELL I'M ABOUT
TO FILL 'ER UP GREIGER!
[GRUNTS]
I ACTIVATE VAYU'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SO BY REMOVING
MY BLACKWING VAYU
AND ANOTHER MONSTER IN MY
GRAVEYARD FROM THE GAME,
I'M NOW ALLOWED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON!
BUT YOUR MONSTERS ARE
ALL IN THE GRAVEYARD!
[GRUNTS]
WELL THEN CONSIDER
THIS A MESSAGE
FROM THE GREAT BEYOND!
SO LISTEN UP,
I CHOOSE BLACKWING
ELPHIN THE RAVEN
AND VAYU THE EMBLEM
OF HONOR.
ONE ON ONE, THEY WEREN'T
MUCH OF A MATCH FOR YOU,
BUT NOW THEY'RE HATCHING
INTO A WHOLE NEW BIRD OF PREY!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON:
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER!
[ROARS]
AND, AS ANOTHER
BONUS... PAL...
I GET TO SUMMON A SECOND
BLACKWING MONSTER
AS LONG AS THERE'S
ALREADY ONE ON MY FIELD!
'N' THIS LUCKY BIRD
IS BLACKWING...
GALE THE WHIRLWIND!
YOU GOT TWO MONSTERS
FOR THE PRICE OF NOTHING.
PERHAPS I DID UNDERESTIMATE
YOUR LITTLE BIRDS.
BUT YOU GOTTA REALIZE
THAT THIS DUEL
ISN'T ABOUT BELIEVING
IN YOUR DECK,
IT'S WHAT I CALL
A NUMBERS GAME.
'N' AFTER TAKING A LOOK
AT YOUR MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS...
I CAN SEE YOUR STRATEGY
IS FOR THE BIRDS!
NOW: BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER,
ATTACK FLYING FORTRESS
SKY FIRE!
IS THIS SOME SORT
OF JOKE?
JUST LOOK
AT THEIR POINTS!
YOUR BLACKWING
DOESN'T HAVE A CHANCE
AGAINST MY
FLYING FORTRESS!
WE'LL SEE!
NOW, ATTACK WITH
BLACK HURRICANE!
[GROWLS]
[ROARS]
WHY DID CROW
ATTACK WITH THAT?!
NOW HE'LL LOSE FOR SURE!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
HE SHOULD HAVE
BEEN DESTROYED!
HASN'T ANYONE TOLD YA:
LIFE'S FULL 'A
DISAPPOINTMENTS GREIGER,
AND HERE'S ANOTHER,
I DON'T TAKE ANY DAMAGE.
THEN WHY ATTACK?!
IT WAS ALL JUST A WASTE!
LOOK AGAIN!
'CAUSE MY MONSTER
JUST MADE A BULL'S-EYE!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN??!
IT'S JUST PART OF
ARMOR MASTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SEE HE'S GOT THESE
NIFTY LITTLE THINGS
CALLED ARROWHEAD COUNTERS,
AND I USED ONE OF 'EM
ON YOUR SKY FIRE.
NOW, FOR THE REST OF THE TURN,
BOTH YOUR ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS ARE STUCK AT ZERO!
MY SKY FIRE!
BLACKWING WHIRLWIND,
WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THE SITUATION!
[SQUAWKS]
[CAW]
NOOOO!
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTS]
GREIGER?!
YOUR WERE RIGHT YUSEI!
I'M NO BETTER
THAN A DARK SIGNER
IF I DUEL WITH HATE
IN MY HEART!
I'M GLAD TO SEE
THE CROW I KNOW
IS BACK
TO BEING HIMSELF.
NOW LET'S...
[BOTH GRUNT]
TALK 'BOUT COUNTING YOUR
CHICKENS' BEFORE THEY HATCH!
YOU SCRATCHED MY PAINT JOB
CROW... YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!
Crow: WELL YOU GOTTA
CATCH ME FIRST.
AND SINCE YOU LOSE
A SPEED COUNTER
FOR EVERY THOUSAND
POINTS OF DAMAGE,
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU MAY NEVER CASH IN!
AND WHILE YOU
TRY 'N' PLAY CATCH UP
WITH YOUR LITTLE TRICYCLE...
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
OH, YOU'LL DO MORE
THAN SEE IT!
DON'T FORGET THAT THIS
SHADOW DUEL'S FULL CONTACT!
JUST WATCH THIS!
WITH SKY FIRE OUT OF THE WAY
MY FIELD'S COMPLETELY EMPTY...
WHICH MEANS I CAN SUMMON
DARK TUNER DOOM SUBMARINE!
LIKE YOUR BIRDS,
HE WAS STUCK
IN THE GRAVEYARD.
BUT NOW, HE'S READY TO SURFACE!
NICE MOVE, BUT I THINK YOUR
SUBMARINE'S ATTACK POINTS
GOT "DEEP SIXED"
ON THE WAY UP.
THEN IT'S A GOOD THING
THAT IT WON'T BE OUT THERE
ALL ALONE FOR LONG!
I SUMMON DARKSEA RESCUE
IN ATTACK MODE!
[DARKSEA RESCUE
THIRSTY MEN LAUGH]
AND NOW I DARK TUNE
MY DOOM SUBMARINE
AND MY DARKSEA RESCUE
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
DARK FLATTOP!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Greiger: WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE
DEVOURED BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN
PULLS BACK AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
Crow: WHAT IS
THAT THING?!
Greiger: [CHUCKLES] YOUR DOOM.
CROW'LL NEVER
SINK THAT THING!
WELL, IT LOOKS
LIKE THIS DUEL'S
JUST STARTING
TO GET INTERESTING...
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!